Put following line at the very beginning of your file:
from datetime import datetime


this will let you use following code to get the current time:
dt1 = datetime.now()


Use this at the beginning and at the end of your search logic to get the time of your code execution:
dt1 = datetime.now()
<block of code that does search logic>
dt2= datetime.now()

print("Execution time:", dt2.microsecond-dt1.microsecond)



Now, try to improve the execution time by pre-processing the list of quotes prior to searching and/or improve your searching method. Use any collection or collection combination. Record your observations and conclusions. You must improve your execution time. 
Do not include your pre-processing logic in the execution time. 

Example:

First Iteration (describe your data structure here, ex. quotes are stored in the list, the search uses "in" keyword)

query:sheep and flower important

Performing AND search for: {'sheep', 'important', 'flower'}

Found at  31 For millions of years flowers have been producing thorns. For millions of years sheep have been eating them all the same. And it's not serious, trying to understand why flowers go to such trouble to produce thorns that are good for nothing? It's not important, the war between the sheep and the flowers? It's no more serious and more important than the numbers that fat red gentleman is adding up? Suppose I happen to know a unique flower, one that exists nowhere in the world except on my planet, one that a little sheep can wipe out in a single bite one morning, just like that, without even realizing what he'd doing - that isn't important? If someone loves a flower of which just one example exists among all the millions and millions of stars, that's enough to make him happy when he looks at the stars. He tells himself 'My flower's up there somewhere...' But if the sheep eats the flower, then for him it's as if, suddenly, all the stars went out. And that isn't important?

Execution time: 1017

Second Iteration (added dictionary that maps each word to a set of indices of quotes where the word was found )

query:sheep and flower important

Performing AND search for: {'important', 'sheep', 'flower'}

Found at  31 For millions of years flowers have been producing thorns. For millions of years sheep have been eating them all the same. And it's not serious, trying to understand why flowers go to such trouble to produce thorns that are good for nothing? It's not important, the war between the sheep and the flowers? It's no more serious and more important than the numbers that fat red gentleman is adding up? Suppose I happen to know a unique flower, one that exists nowhere in the world except on my planet, one that a little sheep can wipe out in a single bite one morning, just like that, without even realizing what he'd doing - that isn't important? If someone loves a flower of which just one example exists among all the millions and millions of stars, that's enough to make him happy when he looks at the stars. He tells himself 'My flower's up there somewhere...' But if the sheep eats the flower, then for him it's as if, suddenly, all the stars went out. And that isn't important?

Execution time: 63